Tell me about yourself
Are you familiar with kubernetes, if yes what is kubermetes?
Are you familiar with docker-compose if yes what the  main difference between docker-compose and kubernetes?
What does mean by container orchestration?
According to you what are the major parts  of kubernetes 
Where you work right now, do you administer k8s or do you consume k8s ?
What is the cloud provider that you guys use at EK TECH SOLUTION to mamage your cluster?
How many clusters do you have a EK TECH SOLUTION and how are they used?
What are the main components  k8s master and what is their functionality
What will happen if etcd is full ?
What will happen if API server start misbehaving.
What do we say the API server is capital in k8s 
What is kubectl use for 
What is the cluster ?
What are the main compoments nodes?
What is the smallest elements of the cluster.
where are the Kubernetes credentials stored and how it is called 
what is k8s object
what is configmap
what is secret 
what is the difference and similarity between configmap and secret 
what is seal secret 
how do you seal a secret in k8s 
how do you manage secret in k8s 
how do you make sure a copy of a pod runs on every node
how do you manage task in k8s 
how do you make sure you always have a sceptic number of pod in k8s 
what is service in k8s and how do you secure your service in k8s
what are the difference type of service in k8s 
what is the difference between Kubernetes loadbalancer and ingress 
if your service is type loadbalancer how will you access your application 
what is a node in k8s 
how do you manage multiple applications in k8s 
what is namespace
what is liveness and readiness probe and what is the difference between them 
can you talk about volume in k8s
what is the difference between pv and pvc 
what is the difference betwen hostpath and emptydir
what is deamonset
what is the defference betwen deployment and statefulset
what is stateful application 
what is the difference between port, targetport and containerport in k8s
what is a pod
what is the pod structure 
can you talk about pod lifecycle 
can you talk about permission in k8s
what is an init container
what is a sidercar container
are you familiar with k8s manifest structure 
what is the selector in k8s 
how do you manage autoscaling in k8s
how can you make sure a pod get deploy only on a specific node
how do you make sure no po get schedule on a node 
are you familiar with affinity in k8s 
can you talk about pod and container security in k8s 
how do you secure a k8s cluster
how do you secure an application k8s 
what is your troubleshooting pattern in k8s 
what type of deployment strategy do you use and can you talk about other k8s deployment strategy you know 
how will you make sure k8s always use the image available on your repository at each deployment
can you please talk about kubernetes Imagepull policy 
how useful are kubernetes imagepull secret 
can you talk about kubernetes network policy 
can you talk anout kubernetes pod and container security context
what is the difference between volumeMount and volume in kubernetes
overall, how will you rate your experience in k8s
how many cluster do you have in your current company  ?
